Preface

	Source Cloning Tool (SCT) is a tool to assist the developer in
        maintaining and testing the software. The tool copies a code
	from source libraries, usually SCLM-controlled libraries (therefore
	SCT also can be considered as SCLM Cloning Tool), to the test or
	production environment, renaming and updating members as necessary
	to enable code to be executed in a particular environment.

	Typically, source code of most mainframe application projects are
	maintained with SCLM. SLCM makes the process of source code changes
	and creating an executables (build) quite easy and fully controlled.
	However, the source code usually has several references to the
	environment. The term "environment" here means a set of application
	run-time libraries as well as system objects such as DB2 tables, IMS
	regions, IMS transactions, CICS regions, OPC job nets and so on.
	Source code normally referred to the "production" environment, to
	test the new changes is necessary to have some test environment, and
	this test environment usually cannot be the exactly the same as the
	production environment. Even if we can maintain one instance of the
	test environment very close to production environment, we can't do
	the same for two or more instances. There are different possibilities
	to create such test environment without using special tools, however,
	all these approaches have several disadvantages and require manual
	actions. SCT offer an automatic, fully controlled support of the
	several testing environments. The general approach of SCT consists
	of two steps:
	- Define the cloning process for a new project
	- Perform on demand cloning based on the predefined project

	Once defined, cloning process becomes fully automatic and can be
	easily done even by an inexperienced developer. Thus, SCT allow easily
	maintain several test environments aka clones, so it's even possible
	to have a separate test environment for each developer.

Installation

	The SCT tool is packaged in the single library member: SCT. Any
        high-level qualifier (HLQ) can be used for SCT libraries. SCT does
	not need to be adapted to the particular system environment.

        Complete SCT description delivered as HTML document (UTF-8 encoded).

